Music can touch our heart without saying a word.
In film, the happy moment comes on the screen,
it can you get a streamer of happy music
and it prepares the mind for what's the common.
What began is live orchestra and commercial recordings
used on our convention programs
led to setting up our own orchestra
to record all the musical needs for the organization.
For the past 40 years, brothers and sisters
have come from all over the world
to record music for use in worship and for our videos.
It's been my dream my whole life
to play in the orchestra here to play for Jehovah.
We are so passionate about music,
but we're also very passionate about the truth.
But here we can combine two things we love the most.
My mother is piano teacher,
but I was so active child.
She recommended me Marimba.
I love coming here. It's very special.
My brothers start to play the violin first.
So kind of he teach me a lot.
And you?
I work in talent branch
and we're doing the audio recording
and for the brother and sister who speak Mandarin Chinese.
We need to use our talent to serve Jehovah.
Music comes from Jehovah.
It's always been part of his worship.
I'm a regular pioneer,
so I spend a certain amount of time teaching the Bible.
But I support myself by working in an orchestra.
I work at the Korea branch.
It has been a good experience.
Being able to play with brothers and sisters
from so many different backgrounds.
It's a very good experience.
I come from a musical family,
obviously with dad playing guitar.
My mom's family is quite musical to you.
As long time since I've done recording,
I've still changed a lot since back in the 60s.
We flew in,
and we're now here with the orchestra
just about to start the recording session.
When the combination of notes are put together
and some marvelous chords, some marvelous writing,
it can go to the depths of the heart.